Ahupuaʻa: On the Ahupuaʻa page I would like to change the inventory function. Instead of having a pop up on the bottom which holds the inventory plants please make it a button on the left bottom directly above the navigation bar. Once you press this button it opens to the right directly above the navigation bar that is  horizontally scrollable and holds the plants. When you have multiple of the same plants instead of creating two pictures of them in the inventory keep it as one but have an indication of how many of that specific plant have been collected. If you have 2 of that same plant in the top left corner will show the number 2. Another thing that needs improvement is the drag and drop feature. When dragging the plant I want it to show where the plant is while you are holding and moving it. 

Camera: In the camera section rearrange the focus box to expand more vertical and take up most of the screen. Keep the “Point at Plant” text in the exact same place and keep the bottom two squares in their place too just raise the top two squares to be closer to the top of the screen. I would also like to move the circle photo button up so it is directly in the middle of the navigation bar and the “Point at Plant” button.


Plant index: I'd like to change a couple things in the plant index page. When you scan a plant I want it to appear at the top of whatever category it is in . I do not want the Unknown boxed to appear before the plants that have been found. Another thing is within each category like All, Trees, Lei ect, I want the plant to be organized by location in the ahupuaʻa system. If the plant is located in the uka section then it will have a black ring or glow around the picture of the plant. Plants in the kula section will have a brown ring or glow  around it and plants in the kai section will have a blue ring or glow around it. Before they are listed they will have their section written above them. I also want the boxes that currently say “Unknown” to say “Not Found” and be white boxed with a dotted line perimeter. The text and perimeter will be in black.  You can also get rid of the question mark that is currently there. When you tap on the plant and it gives you information I want it to have the same format but take up the full screen I will alter the information that appears there later.
